Gawr Gura Shark Facts

A great white shark has a lot of teeth.

The great white shark is one of the largest predators in the world, or at least on this planet.

A cookie-cutter shark mouth is shaped like this. o: (o-shaped) They have sharp teeth, suction on their prey and have bite marks like this. o:

Sometimes, but not all the time, has very faint lines on it like a tiger which is why it's called a tiger shark.

Did you know, tiger sharks eat everything. Gura resonates with this. Tiger sharks eat anything from other sharks to metal and rubber like tyres for your car. The tiger shark says yes, I will consume this. And Gura understands.

Tiger sharks don't eat sand.

Amelia Sharks eat sand.

The megalodon, some people say it's a myth, some people say it was an actual real living creature. Some people say Antlantis was a myth but Gura is here.

Gura sharks are the only sharks to be able to swim backwards.

The megalodon is believed to have grown to 25 meters! And that's the equivalent of 145 bananas of pure teeth and power.

A whale shark is a big shark with a big mouth, like Gura.

The whale shark can live up to 100 years.

The gura shark lives for 9485 years.

Hammer head shark has a head shaped like a hammer's head.

The hammer head shark's favourite food is stingray. Hammer heads love to eat stingray.

Each whale shark's spot pattern is as unique as a fingerprint.

Shark skin feels similar to sandpaper due to tiny teeth like structures called placoid scales. The reason for that is that scales all point towards the tail, to help reduce friction when the shark swims. So in other words, it makes shark go super fast!

There's a reason why Gura isn't boing boing. It comes down to science. She is hydrodynamic.

Some shark embryos can sense and react to danger.

Did you know that sharks over their lifetime, which for regular sharks is pretty close to human time, but not Gura. But regular sharks lose over 20 thousand teeth over their lifetime. That's like 20 thousand bananas, my goodness!

Blue sharks are blue.

Jazz is not even a colour. Therefore jazz coloured sharks don't exist.

Did you know that sharks don't have bones? Gura doesn't know what they have instead of bones, but they don't got bones.



Did you know that Gura just woke up.

Gura loves you.

SHRIMP FACT
There are over 2000 species of shrimp.